all right so there's a whole bunch of
stuff on the docket today we'll see
really how much this can go I want to
start off with going back to the
Reconstruction because if I go to the
onshape
forums
I I don't think this guy ever sponded me
but it's
okay I think I think he gave us enough
that we should be good so we're going to
fix this and um
um okay so we're going to upload the
chords. Json and what we're going to do
is
um okay so where where is that
code um
print okay
so let's just
uh let's just do it
so let's just upload it cuz we'll see we
just want to see if it works so first
off
import print Sim chords.
Json okay I wish I could version this
like uh actually I'm curious there's no
way but it would be
interesting yeah I didn't think so uh I
want to do so I want to rename this to
we going to make a new feature
script and this is going to be
called sweep chords okay so now that
we've uploaded we want to import wait
import files chords. Json and then we
have to do this weird thing where it's
like
chords import so it Nam spaces it I
think let's go to my data import
wire to list uh yeah we don't need that
because we're just going
to basically we want to do so we're not
going to have a
polyline but we are going to do
this okay so the first thing
is in feature script you go to new
feature and this is going to be
sweep uh
chords okay and then the parameters for
right now we're not going to do any
parameters we're just going to say
uh what is it VAR J is equal to chords
blah I I don't even know bro what the
hell is this
thing my data blob dat. Json
and this is going to be chords okay so
that's like the first thing and then you
can just do print line J and then
that'll just
um so what we want to
do is let's just make a new part studio
for this so this is going to be
wires and we can move this Json stuff
over because it doesn't even have a
previewer so it's like what's the point
new part Studio okay and now we go to
our custom features wait what
oh I didn't save
it so this is going to
be
um wait
what
okay so now if you go to this feature
script notices you can see we printed
out all the Json and it's literally just
a list of tuples
basically
um I wonder if we can do this
uh we just
say VAR R is equal
to uh one 2
3 and then um a VAR V is equal to Vector
of R and then print on V
and let's just comment out this and let
save it and then it's ah darn
it let's run it
again okay so yeah you can just take a a
vector arbitrary vector or I keep
calling
Vector yeah I think it's like kind of
weird that they call Vector
uh uh a specifically a 3D V I don't like
languages that do that but whatever
ever
um okay
so uh so yeah so the same thing as j
z is going to be um BR let's just do
this
normally oh bro uh should
I Julia 111 just came out should I
have they fixed though I saw a huge
regression though I saw there was like a
3X startup regression and I don't really
want
that but there's all these cool features
anyways I don't really care
uh
uh what
okay so now
J1 okay so what we want to do is just
well let's just say
okay let's call
these
C's
uh chord pair is equal to CS zero and
then what we want to do is just VAR a is
equal to
cp0 VAR B is equal to cp1 and then what
we want to do is we want to make uh the
uh sketch so we want to
um basically do
this okay and I feel like I just want to
get it down sort of
first and then we will fix everything so
now okay so now basically oh don't we
have to do something else there's like a
there's like a render SK yeah there's a
solve sketch thing because it yeah which
which actually makes sense so SK
solve what the
hell I think that's it so now I should
be able to go to this and uh run it and
what goes wrong cannot subtract array
and array oh yeah I forgot so we need to
go
to oh
yeah what's the difference
[Music]
I have autoplay
on all right so
uh we just want to sweep the um
[Music]
I feel like we can still make it a
polyline I mean why not so let's just
cop that
could give me
[Music]
okay
again sweep fail bro what what the hell
wait is that in wires that's not in my
thing wait but why isn't it
um op sweep what am I oh wait op sweep
what am I
forgetting why isn't it actually um wait
maybe it did and it's just like really
small oh no you know what it's like
really far away or
something how do I view it how do I like
Zoom to
selection there we
go wait but that's just the
line right wait can we look at the
sketch I guess you can't edit sketches
that come from other features or
something oh no but there you go okay so
that's perfect that's exactly what we
wanted kind of so now we just need to
make it an array so we just want to
do for CPN CS oh yeah you have to do
like a VAR CP in CS you do this then you
do this then we want to change all these
random
ones God editor
sucks oh yeah and we have to do um
all I I don't really know I don't know
how you do it okay so now we just need
to make this eye this
eye this
eye this eye this eye and this
eye okay so let's just
um sweep cords air initializer
wait initializer function
arguments something is goofed
up okay so the formatter is not working
so there's this
thing what is
that okay I think I think um
okay there we
go
um bro it's so slow
though oh [__] but that was the whole
thing interest inly
though these sweeps seem too
small this is so cool
dude these sweeps seem too
small I mean let's just take two of
these lines and see what their distance
apart from each other is
Mist I feel like I feel like
um
uh wait can I
do all right wait let's
um
break and I'm I want to do a
um I think I want to do like a millimet
thing
here BR I gotta I gotta Loop this thing
this is driving me crazy bro CD
music samples YouTube uh YouTube op-x
it's such a process bro it's such a
[__] process it's such a fing
process code here
unreadable bro what are you talking
about sub vind what are you talking
about my
friend beta what are you talking about
huh a DK okay uh let's um let's just uh
FFM Peg that
I
Rex copy this paste it then go back and
make it a w
what what happened oh wait what the hell
I must have copied I must have pasted it
twice yeah okay oh yeah you're a little
bit delayed
yeah um so I'm pretty sure it's just
this millimeter issue so let's just um
hold on just give me a second so I can
Loop some dope ass
musico ableton's startup time is so slow
all right let's just see if it changed
anything it's going to have to
regenerate
everything oh wait you know what you
know what I have to um oh wait I wanted
to print this out but I feel like I
could just do this honestly the the
performance is like pretty good it's
definitely faster than
freead oh there that's much better yeah
okay that's
sick interestingly though yeah see the
problem
is yeah it's kind of unfortunate
because these gaps okay so when we went
to sweep wires let's just change this to
break
after um wait actually let's see how
what it does right
now wait where's the errow
there I think that's because we
[Music]
um right let's just do one or zero and
then break this one works I remember and
so see look how much better look how
much better that sweep is if we just
let's
um oh God what are we going to do
though that's so
annoying the the error message is so
cringe
though wait hold
on I don't know how long it is in
so ah what the dude I've always hated
that about able to
[Music]
what do we do here
because see see these are
intersecting wait can we actually just
break after maybe the first
[Music]
is there a try feature script
try I don't know I'll I'll I'll I'll try
it so what we're going to do is
[Music]
can I just do
this no VI wait actually we don't want
to do that because if it
[Music]
fails I feel like I can um do this
wait but does it oh wait no wait hold on
it's also way faster to
do oh but you know what I'm dumb
[Music]
it still seems wrong
um
uh wait but why isn't
it wa exception handling try
catch okay wait let's just read
this exceptions are used to report and
possibly handle error conditions and
exception is raised when an error occurs
and optionally
caught if the error should not terminate
the program so we should just do a catch
e
um so where is the okay so then uh catch
what oh
oh look at that though that's actually
super
interesting h i was sort of hoping a to
avoid this because there's this is
um can we get this highlighted wait hold
on this is curve two and this is curve
one yeah that's just the brim oh and
this is the first one you see here how
this is taller in this direction than
that
direction we need to add an X Direction
on that plane so when we do
this we need to add the X which is we're
just going to say
is can we just do this Vector 1 0
0 Let's see how that changes
it oh see that that fixes it fixes that
but it's still it's still errors because
I guess the sweep is inter is self
intersecting
meaning actually what does a self-
intersecting sweep
mean what is a self-intersecting sweep
in computer AED design
oh God damn
it so wait can we just think about this
so in this case
the problem is that this line this line
segment
intersects
with yeah so this is a clearly self
intersecting but now what I'm curious
about is how is this not self
intersecting wait we should um
can we just do this
continue is there a continue
thing let's see let's see what
happens I don't know what's going on
here did I do I
wait I'm so
confused but shouldn't it just keep
going
on oh here there's all the errors
execution error oh so it's just
literally that they all fail
I'm so confused why this one passes
though
um so wait we have the wait I wish it
highlighted that right so this is the
first curve so let's hide the part and
just look at the
curve wait I thought it was two sweeps
can we look at the part
again oh
okay so it's actually one this line is
deceiving cuz that's the sweep line line
so when we turn off the part we can see
that this actually doesn't intersect
itself but the problem is
this
okay gosh I wonder if there's a way to
get around
this because
yeah it is okay
so we verified that basically all of the
paths are self
intersecting and I don't think it's wise
to try to change the coordinates cuz we
really do want the correct thing
so let's see what can we do
here I
mean I mean this is wait this is the
brim
if we just do this in a
Boolean honestly are we okay with that
fellas let me know are we okay with that
cuz the okay wait let's see if if I
do this
piece or this
body and
is it this
body they don't
intersect
God but that's okay I feel
like or are totally contained right
um but they probably intersect elsewhere
right
like um oh but I mean look at that like
like wait did we change oh you know what
I think also is a problem I don't think
we did
this oh
wait dude ever since I built Cass I'm
I'm doing uh I'm doing s Expressions
everywhere all right so let's try this
delete this delete this what what
happened
here what
let's just copy this
line comment it out paste it here delete
this yeah wait this
is in cords
wait I wait what did I what did I do I
literally had it
working what
[__] I'm bugging
that's
cool what did I change let's see let's
see if I just click undo a bunch of
times oh this is what the code
was oh Jesus what happened that's so
Random wait it also oh wait hold
on is this still going to error please
don't okay I think it's
good do you see how the these are like
they're tall it pick it basically is
picking the wrong so I think that they
will actually
intersect I don't think the geometry is
going to be all
that please work I mean I don't see why
this should
fail God
damn L that's an L why
though what does this error
mean
okay sweep select profile
yeah the origin of the sketch plane is
definitely at the first
point then the line
from A to B that's the normal Direction
and then we just want one Z to be the
what if we uh comment this out and we
just get all the sketches is that going
to work that should work yeah see here
we go all right so that's
nice
[Music]
um yeah basically no matter what
basically no matter what we are going
to I I think that yeah okay so we know
that it can intersect
other geometry that's fine it just can't
intersect
itself so wait can we just add the try
catch and see what happens so we're
going to do the try
um no matter what we want the i+ so
we're going to do this
try and then
catch
e we should that should be good and then
I want to reenable
this so we should get some right we
should get some parts we just yeah
there's just a bunch of parts that we
can't do actually it's weird that this
brim
fail because the brim worked fully
right wait didn't the brim work
fully oh wait it worked
fully when this was dis
disabled I feel like there's something
going on that I don't quite
understand like is it choosing this x so
that it doesn't inter there's no way
that they're doing that I feel like it's
okay
wait I thought I had a oh yeah I deleted
it okay
oh wait this is
wires God damn
it that's so weird so they all
pass they all pass but they do this
weird thing where it's like some of them
choose X to be
or the X direction to be 0 1 0 or 0 01
and some of them choose them to be
[Music]
one
um right yeah it can't be y but it can
be X or Z so one so they're so this one
is choosing it to be in the X
Direction and um this one's choosing X
to be in the Z
Direction so the geometry is all messed
up but but it does make every part which
I find really kind of
goofy where is that weird
stuff yeah why does it do that that that
this part is so
goofy
okay so I think we're going to
basically for
okay so yeah so wait what else do we
have on the
docket um finish reconstruction finish
PCB fix the worm shaft fix the tube
adapter figure out what tubes to
actually buy test the hopper with the
motor and build the enclosure sure so I
think let's see I'm going to reply to
this guy and say that I've spent some
more time on it
and um so what did he
say he said if the sweep is intersecting
it will fail you might have to do a
sweep per
segment also keep op delete bodies out
of the loop
yeah so let's just do
that okay and then we want to do oh
we're not even deleting
them that's okay
can I get a share to this
specific copy document Ur at this tab
and work space version that's
cool
okay okay so the two problems with this
are
one we get
this
unfortunate Gap not that Gap this Gap
this is a better example of the Gap so
I'll take a picture
so we have
this and the other problem
is let's see this is probably a better
let's see if we can oh that's not what I
want
and
this okay let's write the
reply
I've
spent um some time writing it to sweep
per segment but I'm running into a
couple of issues
here is the
[Music]
code
um wait let's make sure this is public
this is a public document
nice
um what the hell is going
on how do I go down dude this this thing
is driving me insane actually oh there
we go
okay
um
uh um the two problems with
sweeper
segment
is shown in these two images so we're
going to
add it's in
pictures screenshots sort by date it's
got to be this and
this well they're so big can I modify
them to be
smaller
um the nice thing about having the whole
Extrusion path was the smooth
transitions I don't mind the small Gap
all that
much wait can we change the order of
these I guess
not image
image
one the bigger problem is oh wait image
two in image one where
the
planes
xer was
chosen
differently for the
segments I modif
ified the sketch to
specify an xter
of vector one0
0 which should be Val valid for pretty
much all FD fdm
prints the the problem is the code fails
with
um so wait we have the try now wait can
we format this
too um
what
um what could be the
ca
e e
how would you do it you would just you
would just do another because those
points are the same right can you sweep
actually H maybe it's like almost a
revolve right because these points are
literally yeah it's kind of interesting
you would have to calculate the angle
between them but that's not hard
wait these points are not the same wait
but that's not the right one this is the
right one and I'm pretty sure that these
points are actually identical
wait can I just Loft let's see if we can
Loft we take this take this Loft
that's not right
right yeah we definitely don't want
that okay let's just post
this for
right because if I just if I just take
this and extrude by up to
face I mean it's
janky oh
wait no merge scope merge with all
that's not the worst I don't really
care that's
fine
e e
what what could it actually mean like if
we're just thinking about
it cuz I don't think that it
means uh wait so um what we want to do
is we want to go back here we have
this okay so let's yeah so let's run
this
again where's some of the ones that
fail you look at
this wait wait
wait
ah do you see
that wait can we
see how this is on the bottom and this
one's on the
top that's not
right what is the very first segment
wait I think maybe
I'm can we actually look at the
coordinates so this is going to be the
end of the first wire so maybe I'll look
at wires but we're actually talking
about coordinat
okay uh W isal Json 3. read read wires
actually can I can't I just do this I
don't think so
do those line
up this should be the brim right I'm I'm
almost positive this is the brim let's
if we go to part
15 it should
be what
wait what's part one oh wait part two is
oh wait okay wait so let's look
at 92 to 93 93
so I don't understand this though why is
this all right so what we want to do is
we want to go to the sketch right wait
do we get the sketches yeah we have all
the sketches we can't actually modify
them that's the kind of annoying
part but so part okay that that's sketch
one that's sketch two now sketch
three where is
it wait
what so this this one failed but I don't
understand
why like why does it go to the
bottom so we're looking this
way um
wait I maybe it is because we have this
stupid
X yeah I
think let's
see let's see if we have a plane like
this how do we okay
because X11 I don't think is or I mean
sorry one Z 0 as the X Direction I don't
think is
right because that's a global coordinate
that's like if
you you go here that's going to be
pointing this way
oh and it's no it's no coincidence that
actually that the ones that failed are
all in that direction
huh damn bro geometry is so hard what
the hell nobody told me geometry is just
freaking
hard
so oh right so in this case
so this is like kind of a downstream
issue it's
because it's because we
specified a vector for the normal
that's equal in direction to the X
dur so in this instance what we would
want is we would want to specify 0 minus
one 0 as our so okay here let's do a
little test so what I think I'm going to
do is we're going to we're going to do
this the other way where all of these in
the y direction are going to get removed
can I save this save
draft okay I I just don't want to lose
it um so if we go back to our code here
and we specify 0 -1 Z now it's going to
flip so it's still going to do some of
them but right all of these where
it's okay so the only thing that we need
to
actually specify right is
um okay we have the normal so now we
just need okay
yeah okay I'm having a little bit of
trouble uh with defining a plane um for
context I'm using on shape but there
they have a function called plane and it
takes three arguments it takes An Origin
point it takes a normal Direction and it
also takes an optional third argument
that is called X dur and and I'm having
trouble figuring out how to specify xter
what I want is
effectively uh I want to specify that
the the X dur is the vector that is
basically perpendicular to the
normal uh and is pointing to the right
of me so if I'm looking
through the plane at the plane then the
X direction is to the right of me
and
um for for context the planes never have
an angle meaning that the
um uh
meaning that the global Z direction is
always parallel with the uh Z direction
of these local planes
wait n but you
can't uh I I don't think that you can
just do one0 0 because uh in some
cases uh so basic for context I have a
whole bunch of pairs of coordinates and
I'm doing individual sweeps for each of
these pairs so basically what I do is I
take the two points I Define the sketch
plane to have an origin of the first
point and a normal of B so B is the
second point a is the first point the
normal of B -
A is or that's the normal is B minus a
and I normalize it just because and then
um the problem though is if I just
arbitrarily
specify the X direction as uh one0 0
then I run into the problem that the
normal direction is sometimes uh the
same as the X Direction which is
invalid e
oh wait you know what I should do am I
dumb as hell
bro dude I'm so
dumb um okay I get it dude I I'll just
I'll just rotate the profile and we'll
make Z the dude that I'm so silly
sometimes I swear I I just like yeah cuz
this is always going to be valid all we
have to do is
change this so
that um so it's going to be it's like I
was like this and I got to turn like
this and but we still want so I think I
just need to switch these
around all right let's uh copy
this so second corner is going to be
this I don't know if this is right but
we're going to find out
dude this would be so sick if this is
right
um okay so it's still rotated
incorrectly but we're getting very
close wait what if I just
switch what if I just go back but if I
just don't change this
no yeah okay but we're really
close we are really close fam wait where
did the extrude fail oh yeah but that's
okay that's just
this wait actually bro these look so
good
these look so good wait I don't think
they're are they going to be good they
might be
good okay so now we just need to figure
out
what what this needs to be
because cuz the sketch is now like this
so what we oh you know what we need to
do we just need to
change
this right right
wait let me just think why do I like
that's the problem with having the
editor you you just try to do dumb [__]
before you think so we have this and
what we want
is uh so uh so the orig so
okay let's see the origin is at a but
the X direction is pointed like this
and
so so
we we want the
Y so the Y is pointing to our
left so the Y does need to be
min-2 uh and the X does need to be zero
now for the second
Corner we want the Y to be minus.
2 and the X to be minus point2 as well I
think I'm pretty sure that's actually
right wello if this works I'm going to
be so
happy and everything fails obviously ly
that's sweet that's really
good
um okay so wait
uh just we're
rotated this is 0
0 and one z0 is is up basically because
we're all rotated
around so we need our profile to be at 0
minus. 2
and the second Corner needs to
be wait this
is this is wait if if this is 1 z0 then
this is 0. 2 so we want this to
be this y needs to
be 2
yeah I I think that's
right baby
wait I think this is
right yeah
man the unfortunate part though is like
I don't think that
these I think what we need to do is we
need to make our sweep profile slightly
bigger or
something cuz what happens if we just do
like all parts can we just like Union
every
part what what happens like does it do
what I want it to do that's the question
okay um all right we're okay this is
getting
cool I think yeah I think what if we
just try this we just we just make it a
little bit
bigger because it let's just say that it
stretches out a little
bit it should intersect a whole lot more
you see
that see that's a lot closer to what we
think but it would be good to do a a a
test
actually how do we do how do we do a
test we could just write the G-Code I
don't know I feel like that's a little
sketchy but so what if we
just okay what I just want to try this
thing we select
all of these parts and then we just do a
bu um yeah there's got to be an
operation though that like it unions all
it can but it leaves multiple parts we
got to figure out that what that
operation is but I mean it's
mathematically it's such an obvious
thing to
do
for
e
e e
I wonder if we could try to just use the
wires
file we could even just write it in
we could just write it into uh feature
script but okay wait
let's figure out I believe okay let's
just try to select this this this
this what is that there we
go perfect it is 16 all right so now we
should be able to just do
a
Boolean
Union
nice this is so sick so now we just need
to do this and we just want to test if
we go all the way down here and we do a
Boolean again D I love there how fast
their kernel is wait it didn't
work but why
not it all touches
though hey what are those what is this
part oh that's weird it's like a super
short
but why does that
fail what if I just tried doing it in
segments let's just do the first 50 or
something
oh you know what it might be it might
be okay wait let's try this if this will
probably fail because it's did I just
happen to get it like dead on first
layer no slightly
less okay let's wait I I I I feel like
this is probably what it
is no but that couldn't
be I feel like I feel like uh uh but
maybe let's just try
this it's actually so
fast and it already did this Boolean
okay this still failed
though we don't want to keep
tools let's just take the first 10
I don't
understand
why where's part 11
should if we zoom in we should see two
lines here
so e
okay okay what's a different way
of dude I actually love this this is so
sick
this is so [__] cool
bro I just need to join them I don't I
don't
if I wish I wish I I wish they said like
why it fails you know
because okay I okay this is why I'm
confused the pro principle of
transitivity if these are connected and
then these are connected then this and
this are connected so that's why Boolean
joins should be
transitive it shouldn't be that like the
order the Boolean matters but it feels
like it it is in this case you know what
I mean so
um can we just look up
Boolean uh uh on
shape this is the whole no we
modify Parts by merging parts or
surfaces together removing subtract or
calculating the
intersection modify Parts by merging
Parts oh my gosh
is there okay
wait let's try to
um wait I thought I feel like I saw a
note Parts must intersect for balloon to
work but I feel like they do intersect
so I guess there there must
be some here that
don't I just can't imagine that that's
actually going
on we could just do a thing where
so okay
so presumably we could just write this
feature called you know whatever
new Boolean and it and it takes a list
of bodies or whatever
parts and it
um so it's not true that if a intersects
B and B intersects C that a intersects
C however if you join A and B then the
join does intersect C so meaning a
technically
does I wish there was just more
documentation on that
um so let's go back to
this and rewrite
this
um we can delete this
uh let's just delete this wait should we
leave this
in okay we fix
this um
the bigger problem
is now I want to join the uh sweeps
together
um I have a couple
ideas the first is just track which
segments have an overlapping
point and add those to a list of bodies
to
join since they are G G guaranteed to
have
nonzero
intersection uh guaranteed
to what is the
um I I was hoping that I could just take
all the
bodies and and uh and bury them in the
soil beneath my
house uh and call
[Music]
Boolean uh I was hoping there was an
oper
ation that does
Boolean but can return multiple
bodies okay I'm I mean I'm not
necessarily asking this guy to do this
for me I'm just like trying to formalize
what the hell I
need the bigger problem is I want to
join the sweeps together so wait why
don't we just try the first
idea
so in this this
code we're going to do bar last a equal
uh and then we want to say
um VAR to to join was
this
and what do we need to we need to
basically
um well why doesn't why don't we just
store a list of lists so we'll just
store the indices that seems easy but
these indices are wrong let's make them
zero let's start with zero said that
they're actual
indices and then basically we want to
check after we do that well we can do
this we just want to say
if a is equal
to l last
B then um to join is equal to append to
join wait is it the other way around I
think it's the other way
around I
forget okay now the first argument is
the array
append to join with the
array and it's going to
be so this is the first segment right so
wait let me think about it if we're in
the first thing I is zero
let's let's say we're in the second
iteration okay and we want to
do last a
equals a last Bal B
so this is going to
be well we can just make it a list right
so varable a not
found oh
wait but we know that this is
um I feel like we can put this
here so wait let's just make sure
everything still
works and let's delete those other
stupid features
dude I like how fast it is bro it's so
fast so much faster than
freead all
right um wait so at the end of this
thing let's just print
line to join
okay so C how 16 is
missing so what we're saying is
Join one with
two two with three but then we need to
know that we don't join 15 with 16 or 15
with 17 so we need to fix this to
include why am I being so dumb
okay so
if the end of the last guy is equal to
the start of
me then I want to say that last body
join it with the my current
index but I increment the I at the end
so why don't we add why don't we put
this after we do that
oops okay let's run it again so now we
should get a list of lists
uh
oh wait
what
oh yeah this is perfect
okay so now we need to take these two
things and we need to do the query okay
so now for each of these we basically
just want to
join part one with part
two part two with part three but okay
wait if we do
this it like shifts them all down
doesn't it
wait does it
okay
um so yeah so wait so after this
Boolean what is part two see now part
two is this so it shifts them all it's
kind of weird
huh so this is always like a cont
contiguous list of numbers I
guess but I mean I don't think that
actually matters because we still are
going to have in the in here we're still
going to have this object or
[Music]
whatever now the okay so we we got to
learn about this querying system because
the querying is goofy as
hell okay but I think that this should
be valid like I'm pretty
sure this is a list of joins that we can
do that separates basically what
basically what this is saying is that
yeah if if a St and and end point are
the same then there there has to be a
non-zero overlap but I actually don't
know if that is
true CU let's say let's say we have two
line segments that are collinear
oh that's okay but they they are going
to share a point so let's do
um
right for
okay so now we have two
bodies they have not they have they have
zero
intersection by
volume but they have face intersection
so presumably you can take these two
bodies wait and do a
Boolean and it
works so
let's just rename this
bu or un non zero or zero
intersect
Union
for
for e
okay
so what is it that we need to do we need
to query we just need to read the
querying docs basically
so move
this I should be able to do just Q
created
by a query for all the entities created
by a feature oh and then we just do body
right so what we want do
is for p
in for pair in oh wait VAR pair in to
join wait we can do dude I hate this
editor it's based off the ace
editor okay um
um
so
uh what is the name of this operation
man
okay I need a pen I need to just write
some stuff down cuz this is just like a
general thing it's not related to 3D at
all
okay where's my
pen okay
so yeah let's just start with what we
have so if you have
it's
basically yeah those are edges in a
graph and you want to just find the
connected
components so if we were to just hack
this
up
um I don't know what this is
uh does this have a um
yeah so it's it's it's just the it's
just the operation of finding the
connected components of a graph that's
dude I knew it was going to have a
simple represent
like got to make things so complicated
BR
um okay okay
so NV is equal to length of
J
then G is equal to simple
graph of
NV I'm pretty sure that's all you have
to do and we want to do uh we also want
to okay
okay now for uh
a
b NJ first
off oh yeah
um wait what how do you do this
oh wait no I think it's just this yeah
okay um
the edges are empty we want to add an
edge between
vertex IUS one and I
and then all we need to do
is I'm pretty sure that's literally
it okay so
add
um can we just give it this
okay
sick so uh connected so now we just do
connected components of of
G there's
15 see that is crazy so that proves that
there's something goofy going on no but
you know what though
I mean okay this
proves uh why Boolean is failing in on
shape but it I
think but I just don't believe
that it's that they're actually
disjoint oops
so this means
that wait these are these the layers
let's okay let's do length
257 5
2519 5
2519 5 2519 5251
19 okay
okay so let's just take two bodies uh
wait
okay damn we're so close okay why
doesn't why can't I join these
though this is the problem with not
having a
freaking real
language I beted in their real code they
do have a graph
package wait is this even
right yeah that is right
well should we just see if this
works cool
are these indices shifted by
one yeah they are shifted by one that's
okay uh what is it rust print Sim
connected components at Json
yeah this is kind of janky but um
what is it
Jon um so now
uh what is it's going to
be Q Union so it's going to be four CC
in
CCS for
I for I in
CC uh and then we're going to have a
2J in the for cc so
2J is empty and then it's going to be um
and then at the end you do a okay for I
and C CC you do a q created
by
um whatever uh op sweep sweep eye sweep
eye uh and then entity type.
body and then at the end you do a um
oh and for this you do append you append
that to 2J then you do a q Union of
2J and this is the this is the Q and
then you do a op
Boolean and then we'll figure out how to
do that so let's just write this code
so uh for VAR CC in
CC's uh 2 J equals this oh yeah bar 2J
oh
for index in
CC oh
[__] um
Q created by is equal to Q created
by and how do you do this yeah you have
to do this
sweep index minus
one enity type body that's perfect then
all we need to do here is um
we need to do
um 2 J equals a pen
2J q qcb and that's it and then all here
we do uh VAR Q equals uh Q Union a query
for entities which
me okay and then this is going to be
2J and then we want to do it op Boolean
um
[__] we're going to do VAR CCI equals
z
CCI plus plus equal
1 and we got to do this thing
and
then the tools
are wait can we read the doc string for
this tools is query so we just can just
put Q in
here should we just try
this and then how do we say that we
don't want the
uh keep oh keep tool
default is false all right let's try
it damn it wait first off what failed
probably something obvious iterator Loop
requires map or array values undefined
iterator
Loop sweep cord
nice what
values
undefined can we just print a print line
C is I feel like it's probably just
doing something weird with the
mangle undefined wait why is
that what
what why is it undefined first off can
we remove this stupid we don't even need
to do
this it's okay we just okay
what the hell
bro why is it undefined
hey whoa this already got indexed how to
sweep a polyline that's crazy
bro import Json feature script
Imports there we
go there's some specific random
thing did it I
mean I don't see I don't see anything
wrong with this
oh that's
cool B there's a format for B I didn't
know that dude I want to look at that
actually that's
cool oh here here's the thing
it's got to be related to this because I
mean the Json is not is is
valid if I do dick of data goes to CC is
Json 3.
right why don't we try this
what is going on on dude what that makes
no
sense oh my gosh is that really why bro
that is the most insane thing I've ever
oh it it doesn't say that the key is
undefined either that's so
stupid I knew it was something dumb Json
data give me a break
bro oh sick okay so it's actually we're
like pretty close
let's try to Bull
those so this is now a full layer right
[Music]
what does that mean
man non-manifold body now see that's
more serious
I don't know what that
means but we have a
problem honestly I don't even know why
the G-Code is doing this random star
thing is it still fail to turn I feel
like that's just because the zero
intersection
thing
for e
dude
what what is that
[Music]
dude what this
guy you can search the form why don't
you explain it
oh maybe it is that
that's kind of frustrating I don't know
how to get around
that e
damn
what what do what do I
do e
I'm so
close I'm actually curious what happens
if you export
this no but it needs to be one body dude
we're so close
man maybe we should get a sectional
view this red is all just overlap
if I kn
eely booing this I get
okay I feel like I'm ready
now delete this
okay so let's just delete
this naively uh uh
unioning of the parts
generated by the
each by
sweep God
fails
because the brim generated by the slicer
is truly a disjoint
part however I wrote a little script to
however I think the
central body
is uh should be able to be
unioned into a
single part
but fails in the
gooey I did a little test by defining a
graph
where the vertices are the bodies
sweeps and edges are created where the
end point of a previous segment is equal
to the start point of a the current
segment
unioning
and the connected components of this
graph works
but doesn't result in two
bodies but
uh
see 15 this is
fine because the
printer doesn't follow a single
continuous path even for
for a
solid uh body
part however
visually
inspecting this I can see
that it seems like all of
the I should be able to just
Union the whole
thing I would really love some help as
this is the final stretch before I can
start to do some
simulations
thanks than
again
yeah let me attach a picture
can I paste
nice naively un unioning all the parts
generated by the S fails because the
brim generat is truly a disjoint part
however I think the Central Square body
should be able to be unioned into a
single part of fails in the guey I did a
little test by defining a graph where
the vertices or the body's sweeps and
edges are created where the end point of
a previous segment is equal to the start
point of the current segment unioning
the connected body wors but doesn't
result in two bodies but 15 this is fine
because the printer doesn't follow a
single continuous path even for a solid
however visually inspecting
the um
I just wanted to cut down the
body count to see if there really is an
overlap
and it seems like there
is and Visually inspecting this I can
see um I'm sure how to
proceed well let me try to uh
all right maybe we'll do one more thing
and then we'll call it and the that is
going to be we're just going to take
Parts 17 through 254 and we're just
going to try to call Union and see what
happens what what the error in the
colonel
says
for
e
e e
okay I think I might just post this what
else could I do I
mean there's there got to be a way to do
it let's just post
it for
okay so
next um
next we're just going to fix all the cad
problems so the Worm
Drive
and the uh tubes we're just going to fix
that get that
printing
for for
okay I'm going get a little bit more
food and then we're going to do Cad and
then let's see what else I want to order
the pcbs today I feel like I should just
send it because
like it's a new thing I shouldn't expect
it to be perfect before
I
okay so we're closing out reconstruction
for the
day do the
tubes and the worm shaft
thing I would like to design an
enclosure that' be kind of fun we'll do
that after the PCB I have
like six more hours to stream today
because it's my day off of school I have
something to do it
tonight um all right let's get into it
I'm going to get some more food
though
e
for
for e
all right it's time to get on
it all right
all right let's do this Worm Drive thing
first okay wait why is this off
center I think um probably that no which
one is
it got to be this
um I think it needs to be down a little
bit but I don't know why
why we want the pitch diameter to mesh
to the bottom of
this so it's going to be
wall plus stepper width over
two + 10
plus pitch
radius so we just need to go
to
this and click on this
feature this
sketch this
formula bro why Center Height we need to
go to that variable
B
[Music]
I'm
oh my gosh
[Music]
oh
we're going to make it
[Music]
a I don't know where this 1.5 is coming
from honestly
that looks good to
me okay so now the only thing we need to
do
is
this uh
[Music]
we need Clips around
it let's just figure this out
[Music]
okay so I
think uh kind of want to just do this
from scratch okay so wait we need to
just
change this why does it show the whole
thing okay so we just need to decrease
this
by
so we need to
go damn I don't remember what this point
four is for
two times wall I don't even know where
the oh oh okay wait hold
on and then divide that by two
so it's going to be so from
here so this is
where this should butt up
against the wall
all right so yeah so fine4 Plus Wall I
don't know why we did 08
oh yeah I get it now that's so that's so
dumb I did these times two on both of
these yeah okay I get it all right um
but so now that takes us to the
middle so the gear that's the center of
the gear so now we got to go 2.5 over
that's the end of the gear so then minus
2.5 and then we want to go minus what
did we say what this
was from here to here is three so minus
three
okay so let's just redo this this is
going to
be4 +
wall plus stepper
width over
two minus gear width no wait
wall over
two minus
3 bro I hate this [__] formula thing
it's so annoying
this walls never like rent to do it
right are we good
now
okay so wait can we disable this let's
roll this back cuz this plane is wrong
too so now here we want to make a
sketch and this is going to be what
eight we
said and we're going to extrude this by
three okay then we're going to sketch on
here make a circle go normal see this
this is going to be
10 extrude this by
um how far do we need to extrude that by
is it 2.5 it's got to be 2.5 right wait
what do we okay we have a test for it so
we're going to do this is wall over two
oh my gosh that's the crazy part is you
have to click enter okay so now the
plane here let we roll This forward This
Plane needs to be this not
this okay so now let's just double check
so from here to here is the same so we
did it right and then let's make sure
that the distance from here to here is
five so we probably want to
add let's
see
um it'll be fine it'll be fine
bro all right so let's look at it
now and we just need to put a clip in
there okay so we just need to reprint
okay then what okay now that's done
let's just make sure that's done and get
that
into uh
whatever so we we have that we just need
to export
[Music]
this wait what what Why didn't it make
it a
zip that's
stupid okay and the C clip we have so
let's just open up bamboo Studio
okay now the next thing we need to do is
fix the real thing cuz this is just toy
stuff so this is going to be
on I'm pretty sure it's just top
assembly wait
what oh probably yeah because the parts
yeah okay
so for
I hate this foam tube thing I don't know
why
bro I wish I could just get thin
tubing what should I look up on am okay
I need to feed 78
inch uh foam Nerf rival rounds through
so a tube raised so that it feeds into
this solenoid holder thing
and I don't know what to look up on
Amazon to get like flexible thin clear
tubing because all the stuff I can find
has like a wall thickness of like a
quarter inch which is just like or even
eighth an inch it's just like way too
stiff to be flexible because it needs to
be able to turn with the thing that I'm
feeding it into or like Flex with
it
e
e e
I see like I see some one and a quarter
ID stuff that looks kind of good I feel
like I'm a little worried
about 1 in ID I feel like that's not
enough clearance just cuz like if it's
like I don't
know we could probably do something to
okay wait I want to actually
okay
all right let's just buy this tubing I
don't I don't think this because all
wait let me okay let me get the calipers
and we're going to measure this big ass
tubing that I have but I just think it's
going to be
too H it's what we have let's just try
it
for e
okay so this tubing should be 1 in inner
diameter but we need to measure the uh
outer diameter
yeah it's half an
inch so that means that we have two
in all right so if we were to change our
design let's just start with the
solenoid holder
good now we to
change this
sketch not that
sketch this sketch and we were to make
this two
wait I don't know why it
fail let's
see for
that's not the worst I just need to
figure out so like see how this is all
messed
up
um wait what just happened
oh
[__] the back button doesn't
work there we go okay top assembly solo
hold okay so let's just
undo because I feel like I don't really
understand how this was
made what is this initial extrude
yeah but that's weird because like
oh oh wait did we
um right okay
wait but this is the inner diameter
right no no no no the inner diameter is
fine it's
one this is 1 in and we'll give it two
of clearance
okay
what it's because of this
thing just delete this
line and then this is going to be
um right yeah that's what it
is we could selft tap on here we could
just make this big and selft tap here I
I almost added circles here I remember
that I almost added holes here but I but
I didn't do it
but
um wait but this isn't
right why did I think that this was
right no that does need to be the OD we
need to undo this this isn't right at
all
I feel like all right um I feel like I
want to do the other
side I don't I'm not having fun here
this isn't working for
me oh what the heck wait this is oh this
is hot this isn't hop ass this is
something
else where's hop ass
what's
that oh
right so this is going to
be and then three there is
fine but we need
to we need to change this
oh but then we got to reprint that oh
that
sucks at least that sketch didn't get
messed
up what is that do we even use
that what is that
what the hell is that
for oh yeah that's
unused that's okay I'm down to print it
like that so this is
25 26 52 mm in
[Music]
then we're going to glue it is that what
I
said all right so that's pretty easy
okay so I'm going to I'm just going to
export wait what's wrong
here oh yeah we don't have the
um oh that's so
annoying Let's see we should be able to
okay what the
hell for
this plane I want to change to include
this
point why is this way over here
okay why is this
notched where did that even come from
so like this line needs to be right on
the edge because we really don't have
that much space
but this seems
fine the only thing that I want to add
about add that
that's just an unusable one but we don't
really
care
okay this is for the um
a
all right
uh should I finish this other
one yeah the issue is basically we need
to put the holes back there so we need
to sort of redesign it I'm down to sort
of redesign
it start from
scratch we basically
okay so let's uh go to solenoid
holder and we are going to take
this isn't there a way to like remove
it for
okay I want to just uh start
over God
that's
for e
what do we make those other
ones wait no but we have to make these
uh
two or
1.5 for
that seems weak as hell why don't we
okay wait but on here let's
sketch we need to make
a this is going to
be let's make this
okay so this is how much space we have
we could put a couple of
here
right why don't we do
that or maybe just a couple
here let's just see if two is fine so we
have
this oh but now what we need actually is
the um
um
that's so
dumb that's so
ridiculous if we did this and we
selected this too it look a little bit
less
dumb that's not so bad
I would actually even do
um this cuz we need it to be a cylinder
we could do the cut after if we wanted
but we uh we have to it has to be a
cylinder and then actually on
here we need another guy like this this
we need the same thing and then we we
need to do actually is um
wait what where did this come
from oh wait
what the
hell oh we need to add it to that
too for
oh wait that's not what I want I
want what
wait how do I show this sketch
okay we're getting there wait but we
forgot this thing
all right so this is looking pretty good
we just need to do the tangent plane
thing which
this right yeah okay why don't we just
hide
this and do it again can we look at it
in the assembly
so H yeah that's so
annoying let's just delete
this oh [__] we don't have an index to
uh oh yeah we
do wait why is this here we go
that's
it actually we have some room that's
fine
okay let's rename this thing to
big
tube
okay uh I think that's all the part oh
yeah we need to do
this it doesn't really matter what
uh that's okay
okay we take this and we take this and
we use
them this is going to be um oh
[__] first off this needs to be
1.5 yeah
features to pattern this Extrusion axis
of pattern around this then we get four
of them
okay so that's the whole part so we can
now we can now check that off our list
we did we did what we uh said we're
going to do so we fixed the worm shaft
we fixed the tube adapters to fit the
foam so now we just need to
exort this
big
tube the big tube is a very big
tube okay
oops
okay I guess we will do the brim I mean
the brim isn't that bad of
a
thing oh but you know what we changed
that we changed the height of that thing
do we want to reprint the holder for
that 2
mm uh I don't really want to do
[Music]
that
okay all right
now we are going on to easy
Eda let's see if this is going to work
we need to probably
hide okay we're signed in
so I for I I have to re I have to re I
think it's this one
actually
yeah
right it's the only thing that I think I
want out of this more
we have room to pull this in by a
lot and so is this
I would ideally make that
Trace how is this not getting
power oh there's something along oh okay
yeah I would ideally
make those traces wider
dude yeah none of this is parametric
it's actually so silly it's all just
manual I don't understand
it but basically our goal here
is we want to add mounting holes so let
me just write this all down so we want
mounting
holes and then I've never seen
the the stepper Motors draw that much
current but it it you know what is that
oh here we go
ah this guy is exactly what I was
thinking bro I'm going to get some water
I'm kind of thirsty
what did I do I just made
um oh yeah I I just use two different
things for anyone having trouble
following the procedure
then the simplest option maybe just
place the symbol
oh [__] the crows are above
me but the crows are right above
me what do I do I hate the crows I mean
I love the crows but but they're so
annoying cuz they just
poop let see
do oh God all right we got to
go
e
e e
wait okay we should be
good so
all right so what we want to do is we
want to add mounting holes and you know
what
maybe yeah like I don't see
why for
okay so we want to do some rubber
banding and make it as small as
possible dude it's almost easier to
design this thing in CAD than it is to
like
okay
what are these okay I need a I need a
like
[Music]
a a
list if you go to here
H5 are the
esc's the ESC
is oh no but that's the yeah
because the
okay I guess the question is what do we
need for
did but did he actually give in
I'm pretty sure that my method works
too for
uh
what
you for
so
did I just measure them
wait that seems like a weird coincidence
um yeah 12.7
okay
so but that's across the
centers
okay
for for
[Music]
okay it's like dead on point
6 for
oh you know what
though I'm just
realizing oh these go to the encoders
but um
we don't use any of these
pins but I'm realizing like
um we might have to put a pin in this
board
because I think I need to add another
stepper driver
or at
least because um we need a motor that
goes
into I mean I mean it's
actually it's actually definitely wrong
to be using a stepper driver or stepper
motor yeah
so but I wonder how the out of darts
people I wonder how
they the center column is up
in uh keeping faith and trying to trying
to work with exactly what you'd have I'm
going to set it on here and see how that
works worth trying we're going to grab
our PCV that's going to be our first
component that we are going to sold on
and that's going to drop in place right
here um it's this is not going to go
through this hole it's going to sit
right on it and it'll keep this at the
perfect distance away from the unit
itself so you going drop that on there
don't forget to grab your safety glasses
and we can get soldering so here I've
got some lead free solder I never use Le
solder anymore and uh we're going to go
ahead and get this board going um you
don't need to go too crazy you don't
actually have to fill the whole the
entire holder anymore ahead and get this
board going um you don't need to go too
crazy that's smart a smart design the
enti hole or anything like that but
there is a you know a plastic piece
there on the motor that will stop you
from doing it going down causing any
actual damage um if you do not have a
fresh tip or your soldering iron isn't
very strong this board has a lot of
copper it so it is going to take some
additional heat and time on here just uh
make sure to keep your
far away from any other any other
opponent there I'm f a little
longer and when you're done as it's cool
in make sure that your board sits
reasonably level I think this one could
be basically just be nice and flat I'm
going to adjust it just a hair I'm going
to hold it
there great so D that board is sick
I totally forgot what did I use to drive
the
uh
for
e e
oh
yeah it's not actually l298 it's
different
what the hell
oh wait we should check on
this okay
cool seems fine
uh
yeah
for
e e
you know [__]
what
e
for
e e
okay
[__] it I think I'm going to think I'm
going to do something fun I think we're
going to um we can start this
but the problem with the PCB is that we
need to I would like
to redesign this thing with a better
like
higher
well okay we'll wait for these prints
will'll assemble it we'll test with a
stepper motor see if it's enough torque
otherwise um we'll redesign it and that
means that we'll just put the PCB on
hold for now
I
oh
for for
okay so we're going to instead we're
going to build the wood frame and we're
going to do some woodworking I'm going
to go to Home Depot and get some wood we
just need to design it but I got to go
on a walk cuz these birds are driving me
crazy and I just got to chill
out all
right
e
e e
I believe the crows are gone so let's
just try to move
everything okay let's see if we can do
this in
one quick
motion for
okay so I think I'm going to get a tape
measure and the canvas and we're just
going to see what's
up
e
for
e e
okay this is number
one for
and this is number two
so the first order of business is to
model this in computerated design
literally put it in the
computer but after that we do something
new where we put it in a
frame put it in a little frame so it can
stand up all way
yourself all by
yourself all by yourself
so I'm going to get a tape
measure
e e
e
so again oh was that playing I don't
know if that was playing but uh yeah it
got totally busted I had to turn it off
oh maybe that was caught on cam anyways
if you saw it great that this one part
this Cross Beam is just like impossible
to
make it's just too tall
all right um I'm going to get the
phone bro I really hope these crows
don't come back here
okay it seems to fit
in
okay okay
maybe maybe we'll have to
see okay so we want to cut this and I'm
dude I don't have a tape measure it's
kind of
insane I think I want to cut it let's
just cut
it like this
long how should I cut it
scissors the circular seems like
Overkill all right so I'm going to get
the soldering iron
out get the threaded inserts and we're
going to start to install this
thing we might as well put a motor in
here I don't know I don't know how I
feel about doing the motor already I
feel like maybe we should just leave
this as is
honestly a press fit might be sufficient
okay well oh no bro we have to
reprint
this for
this I didn't think about that at all
for
e e
okay gee
do you never think about this stuff it's
just it's not going to
work
um for
ah so many things going on at once it's
kind of
crazy all right I just want to fix one
thing and it's this stupid Cross Beam
thing God this thing
sucks I can't believe I just cannot get
this thing to print this is a second
time
now so what I'm going to
do go to this first
one very first sketch and make this uh
M okay but then on this side I'm just
going to make a sketch make
it for
honestly I would I would even put a brim
on this
what the
hell where's my
printer bro what the
hell going to take me to the generic
[__]
what the hell I'm just going to go
parcle it really
quickly
e e
okay I should be good
now all right so I think I am going to
do a motor test on this because at least
we can do that so what we're going to do
and I actually okay there's so many
issues it's crazy so for one this piece
goes in here but there's no way to
actually install it the thing is I think
that the friction force that is required
to turn this thing is
enough to
basically just be a press fit so I think
that I think a pressfit will be fine in
this instance but
um I do like Fasteners because then it's
like it's for sure and I did put holes
for Fasteners it's just there's no real
good way to install it you'd have to do
annoying thing where you have an allen
wrench at 90 and you're just
like even still I just don't even
remember how
I meant to install this thing
um but yeah so let's just
um let's just get started so what we're
going to do is we're going to put the
motor in here get it
down uh should be fine it's counter sunk
and the reason it's counter sunk is
because then this goes on
here and then this goes on the shaft and
all of that should be relatively easy
installation I'm pretty sure these are
all M5 stuff so we just need the
bolts and uh we should be
[Music]
good
e
for e
okay the freaking crows are back
Jesus whatever so I got to tap measure
but
um oh yeah
okay
so these just need to be M4
by8 and we need an
M4
okay put the stepper
motor under for
damn it
there we go okay we got one in I'm just
going to put two in I'm not going to do
the rest of this [__]
okay tight enough not coming
out so now all we need to do
is get
something where we
can well let's just do it like this the
most Jank way possible always just do it
the most Jank way possible first so now
we need a couple of M5
nuts I think and then a couple of M5
by 12
probably wait let's check the cad the
cad is always right except when it isn't
which is most of the
time um we're looking
for the
augur we're looking for this sketch in
particular
what wait that's just wrong
what the
hell wait what did I change this
why okay wait let's look at the
um why doesn't it show 8.3
oh my God
[Music]
bro dude I swear sometimes it's just
like you know what I'm going to
do let's see if the M5 I feel like the
M5 nut will go
in5 by
12 yeah so this goes in so I'm just
going to get the soldering iron and I'm
just going to melt them in because I'm
not reprinting this thing it's like so
stupid
um gosh dimensioning is just so dumb
it's just like ridiculous all right I
got to get the soldering iron I'm going
to put this in get this on the shaft
we're going to turn it on we're going to
put a bunch of balls in here and we're
going to see if they actually come out
if they don't come out we have to solve
that problem that's where we're
at
e e
okay soldering iron
okay let's see how do we want to do
this do we think it's going to transfer
enough I feel like it's not going to
transfer enough
got to be patient with
this oh it's going
in [__]
a little bit further
[__] don't want it to cool
down there we
go that's pretty lined up let's get a
just tiny bit more that seems perfect
we're never getting this freaking thing
out of here though but I can't wait
around I mean it's it's a nut it's not
like a a
diamond okay yeah so again these five M5
by 12s don't work we need the M5 by
16s they're just not long enough okay so
wait here I'll just show you what I did
oh wow this thing is getting hot just
from the transfer that's crazy so I put
the nut in Here and Now
the so the nut was very hot because I
used a soldering iron to put it in but
then this bolt is hot just from the
contact that's pretty insane so we're
just going to do one there's no way we
need both as long as we line it up with
the D shaft now we want this
thing I hate the cleanup man some of
this stuff is just so brain
dead Okay so let's put this on here
there we
go there we
go what the hell for
okay looking pretty good now the first
thing is we're just going to hook this
up to a stepper
driver
which I really wish it was easier to
just test the motor it it's so it feels
like so much setup all right let's clean
up this
crap nuts nuts
nuts tons of nuts nut get your nuts nuts
here nuts get your [__]
nuts
okay then 5 by 12 that's
these these go here we can keep the
Allens
out okay so
um yeah so let's just go get the power
supply and everything
okay oh we need our uh USBC thing
okay dongle or whatever I also want to
check on this print because I feel like
there's no way this thing is going
well all right that's not so bad yeah I
put the brim and I made a big surface
area so the force required to knock this
thing off should be pretty high but it's
always a struggle and it's always a
struggle
okay so we just need to get this
thing put it over
here and we want it to be flat kind
of so I'm going to just do it off the
end of this thing
okay okay so all we need to
do oh um I need a screwdriver that's
the for
okay so I'm just going to
disconnect
the I'm just going to disconnect the
uh high power stuff for
now
see the escs I guess we could just
um honestly what's the big deal it's
going to be it's going to be
off okay fine
so all we have to do is write some code
and then
okay so we got our USBC we can turn off
the soldering iron
now then we just need this cable to come
to here
okay so now we just need to open
up and what do we need to do is we need
to write some code okay so we have dude
I need to just rewrite all of this code
it's like so stupid stepper all pins
what does that even mean
oh yeah steeper all
pins okay so all we want to
do right we have this nice I actually
like this code
incredible commit incredible commit well
done well done pat yourself on the back
stuff amazing message amazing commit
message everyone knows what stuff means
everyone from here on out will know what
stuff
means Tech lead will know what stuff
means all right we just want to um
go to
this y enable value one
okay this just takes pins okay that's
kind of nice uh so this just needs to be
yeah so we just want to
comment what is s
oh that's the uh yeah right okay so
we're going to comment this out and
we're just going to turn this on all
right and we need to turn on the power
supply so we need to get this bad
boy plug it
in literally I would oh that's going to
be so annoying actually I hate these
beeps
all right I'm just going to unplug the
esds
okay
um okay so we should be good to go we
should be able to just run this so we
just need to go to connect
and then we should just be able to run
this
code
okay God these things are so bad what's
the delay
here yeah let's um
dude I just hate how freaking weak these
stepper Motors are they just can't do
anything I mean is this for
real wait I think it's
slipping wait hold on let's turn this
off
I mean there's some friction but
like it's honestly not that
bad what if I lift it up a little
bit the
problem
H it does seem like I'm actually bending
the shaft that's why you need to support
it on both
sides so I am going to get the soldering
iron on again I'm going to get one of
the M5 nuts and we're going to try it
one more
time but I don't think that's going to
really resolve any of this but
I don't really have any other options I
feel like
so okay so let's
um melt this bad
boy for
[__] I went too
far God damn it
okay I think I got
it wait this is 12 yeah we need 16
team please go
in ah it's turning in
there oh come on man
well you know what though I don't think
it'll actually matter well no because
yeah it's
[__] all right let's just try this
stupid test again it's not going to
work oh it's working all right cool this
thing is probably
hot yeah I don't want to that thing is
hot damn all right so here here's the
here's here's it
working wait
okay so let's just have it do
360s make it
[Music]
a okay now let's put a ball in there
okay now let's put it flat on the
ground okay I'm going to get a um
okay
I bought five billion Orbeez and I
[__] launched them into the sun look
at what
happens I bought 500 billion [__]
Orbeez oh my God all right wait let's
open them into this
um oh I got to get
a wait here's what we'll
do put this down
here
here I bought 500 billion Orbeez and I
launched them into the sun look at what
happens top five things I've done with
the 500 billion Orbeez I bought
okay now so now wait now what we want to
do is we want to install this piece so
it does seem like it works kind
of it doesn't get them all like the
slope isn't steep enough for it to
really do anything with that
but okay let's just put this on here
like that
when it's going clockwise it actually
does seem like it's working so let's
just make it indefinitely go clockwise
so we should make this
10,000
okay I bought 500 billion Orbeez and I
[__] launched them into the sun look
at what happened
okay let me get a
box so we can just cycle between these
no yeah it's just totally
stalled for
oh for
if it had the torque I think it might
actually work
no it's switched
back here I'll give you guys a look at
what's going
on so yeah so I have to manually
get him to fall out
I think the hole could be bigger
cuz right
now what's
happening what is holding this oh right
[Music]
now for
yeah see this is a good
case basically I
[Music]
think for
designing a hopper bro it's so hard
[Laughter]
largely I do think it needs just it just
needs the torque
no but
like there's so many cases
where I don't know if it can keep
pushing
through for
yeah I guess it makes sense to just do
an experiment I'm just going to leave
this running I think that print might be
done by now yeah it's just
finished so uh here we can watch it
the prongs actually stop
balls I wonder if the prongs were higher
up if it would do better
there is like a
no for
it actually works or well it seemingly
works better counterclockwise
for for
it's actually incredible how much harder
this is than I thought I mean
like once you get into motion it's just
so hard to predict how things going to
move
e
okay
for e
oh wow it actually did get most of them
that's it just took time I mean that's a
good sign that's not bad all right so uh
here's the part uh here is the Worm
Drive thing
that crap out of
here okay
nice look at this and now it doesn't
shift back and
forth okay and now all we
need is this is a stepper
motor let's simulate the motion
so for every turn of this
thing is it doing it I can't even tell I
feel like it
is all right let me get this high torque
motor I'm going to get this 10r PM motor
and see what's up
should I do 100 RPM or 10 RPM
does it have a d shaft on it it doesn't
look like it has a d
shaft here we can going to have some
satisfying
videos I would like to make that um
what
e
for
e e
[Music]
h e
okay so I got two things I got one a low
RPM I forget if I I think I got the 10
let me
see I got a 10 RPM geared motor 10 seems
suitable for this because it really just
needs
to shove them I think
e
and then I also got I finally got like a
a strong Servo cuz I feel
like maybe we can just avoid gears and
just drive the whole thing with the
servo I'm still keen on
using steppers with the
worm all right so okay so enough of
this okay okay so we're done with this
test now we just want to uh take it
apart and we're going to test the Worm
Drive and we're going to see if the worm
Works hopefully uh again we have this
stupid
thing we're going to need to reprint
this because I didn't freaking account
for the
dude this is the problem with dimension
with all these variables you need to
make sure that the like you have two
sets of variables you have the variables
that actually are the True Dimensions
and then you have the ones that you
actually use which are the clearance
ones cuz it's just nothing's ever going
to fit in
here
for
e
e for
okay let's
um let's reprint this measure the
canvases and then
um we'll call it
okay yeah cuz I don't want to lose more
nuts I only have so many
so um let's just stop the
code turn off the power supply or what
no no we just need to um
get this out of
here and then we
need this no this
one out of here
okay
we uh we do need the code yes we need
the code but that's okay so oh yeah we
got to no never mind okay we have to
reprint this and then we can do
it okay
so M oh so okay so let's undo this let's
go to he here we need to first off we
need to fix this but I don't really want
to fix that at the moment
what we want to do is go to
the
Worm Drive and we want to look at this
feature take this sketch we want to go
to the variable
Studio okay we want to name something
M5 um
Hub
width and this is going to be M5
Flats plus what did we
say where did we find it we found it in
um in here so this is the wrong one we
need to go
to
um small
gear we need to look at this this
it's
um hexnut depth
clearance
what where did that even come from H
okay
fine move this up here
this is three I guess is that what we
said 8.3 okay and then we need the the
flats clearance which
is
three
okay heex Flats clearance okay
wait Hub with this is wrong
okay now we need to go to the Worm Drive
is this the Worm Drive we need to make
this um M5
hex wait what what did we call
it oh
yeah a
hub width
okay that should be
better so now we just want to export
this save
as okay whatever um
is that going to work actually
well we're going to find out because I
feel like I usually do it the other way
around
but we're going to find
out might be able to do
it
okay um
I wonder can I just
um e
hello oh yeah it said zero DV hello
hello hello hello
hello what about now can you hear me
okay so this thing is
bunk for
[Music]
all right so we're about to find out how
Square this thing really is
wow it's super Square it's like pretty
close 4 and A2
four and a half all
right
okay take a couple measurements and
We're Off to the Races by Buddy by Buddy
we are off to the
races
okay
[__]
um we are going to do this in a new
document
we
um I actually kind of want to make some
food I'm just realizing how hungry I am
but we oh yeah is this still going to
work okay yeah now it's like hella loud
okay and I have to do the not that
this okay yeah so I'm realizing how
hungry but
um how do we set this thing to metric I
guess it uh it doesn't
matter or not metric I mean
Imperial uh okay
so let's just start with the first part
sketch on
here uh
we're going to extrude this by 4.5 ft
what there's no feet oh there you
go minus 3
in okay so that's the first part and
we're going to
um okay now on
here we want to sketch Let's
see we want to
sketch on
here I guess it doesn't
matter so we want to do a
and again this needs to be
um wait let's uh rename this to be
um or uh
the hell
oh wait but we want to actually um
[Applause]
BL [__]
okay so now we just want to
uh oh yeah I used brackets I actually
have a metal bracket in there and I have
uh diagonal beams can you see
that there's a bracket up in the corner
there okay let's do this let's clean up
a little bit
[Music]
I need some water
sorry oh I love this thing dude it was
like 25 bucks but it's got this like
sealant on it and it and it closes prop
okay so
now okay so I'm going to make some food
I guess
and
then and then we're going to finish
modeling
this and basically
um all we have to do is
okay so that's
that uh now we just need to build the
rest of
it oh wait
uh here we go
okay so now I want to know the length
from
here to here
H whatever dude this thing this thing
should be powered by a wolf from alpha
I'm
convinced wait what is this how to get a
million YouTube subscribers in 100
seconds what is this
oh that's uh yeah dude that's
sick that's funny that that showed
up um
okay so what I'm thinking is
basically
um we're going to um
wait
what bar
width oh wait do we want to do that no
we want to do it the other way
uh all right I'm going to get some
food
for
e
e e
okay actually let's see where we're at
with the
um this print oh sick wait
no that's got to be it
okay we got the new one we got the old
one waa
and it's all the way over there
now okay so we're going to put
the oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah I'm going to put the motor
in like that and then I'm going to put
the thing in actually wait should I do
it the other way around no I should put
it in like this okay
I probably should
have it's so crazy
how assembly is just always such a pain
in the
ass if I could just design and never
have to
assemble knif would be pretty
good did I get
it okay I got it
okay that's
good every little thing on the
[Music]
inside on
um no wait hold on this is
stupid there's no way I'm going to be
able to assemble this at least not
without taking this apart okay so we got
to take these c clips off C clip C clip
slide it
off actually wait uh whatever um okay
now this goes on here like that but
actually first we need a couple of nut
sack ball sag
B okay so now this going to go in and it
just just just it just drops in [__]
just drops in dude this needs more
clearance I feel like I did this
wrong what the hell man
okay is one enough no I feel like we
concluded that one is not
enough damn it spilled them spilled them
spilled them spilled them okay we just
want to get this done
okay three is like a joke I don't know I
don't know who thought that was I don't
know who thought that was okay
but I swear that's that's wrong okay now
we need two of these are these 16s these
might be 16s oh wait let's take the 16s
out of the hopper cuz wait where is that
all right
where my oh
yeah
D
no
no wait what oh
okay so wait let's just Orient the D
Orient that dick uhhuh okay
oh
no see how far we can get it in there
okay that's not going to
work I feel like I feel like um 12's
should
work oh yeah 12 should
work versus 16 I feel
[Music]
like there we
go we got a whole freaking millimeter of
clearance we got a whole freaking
millimeter m
m somebody
[Music]
okay get that in
there dude I feel like some of my print
settings changed cuz this wall thickness
is like cringe man this stuff is just
breaking
off this definitely like can you see
that H whatever
whatever yeah I don't know what happened
here
I feel like my printer is just kind of
[__]
up okay so we
got this it's going to sit in here like
that but you need it to go
through we already have one clip on
there okay it sits in like that so let's
get this clip on here and it just Clips
on and now we just need to get these
other two on
all right it's not back drivable all
right so let's get it let's get this
thing rolling we just have to run the
code did we turn off the power supply we
didn't even turn off the power supply so
we're good we can just run this code
oh wait it's oh it's that I get it okay
so what we need to do okay bro it's
always the
Fasteners why is it always the
Fasteners take
this even just this is a total freaking
nightmare okay so wait let's just try to
run it with
no okay
[Music]
all right
whatever s of works
it's actually nice having I kind of like
having this uh broken off like
this it's like its own little C
clip that's actually so nice kind of a
happy accident
okay let's just quickly see how long
this print time is
um the problem with doing any of this is
that it's just always so freaking messy
man everything just gets so
messy
okay uh
[Music]
um let's undo this okay we just need to
go to the
worm
folder okay and what we want to
do is we want to look at this feature
see where did this sketch come
from but this is not constrained right
what is this constrained to this
midpoint
if I delete
this now I can move along this okay so
we just want to move it over a little
bit we don't even need to make it
um we just need to move it over maybe 10
so if we draw a line Q
midpoint midpoint we just say this to
here is 10
I feel like that's all we need
right let's
see yeah 10 mm totally it's fine okay
and then what I want to do is I want to
add a feature here where I go like this
and I extrude this down by remove um
five
7 7.5 golden
number do we think we're going to be
able to fit that in
let's do
eight
okay now we can just save this and
reprint it but actually what I want to
do is I want to um there was a feature
here and I just want to actually just
remove this I just want to delete
this oh wait
not that it was this what is
that
no it was extrude five
right okay
that's not going to work okay let's just
keep it as is so now we need to export
this and print it
out two is definitely enough I don't
know why I was trying to get fancy with
it um
[Music]
busting and brain Bing and Bin what you
mean
dog rapping on some beast on a Friday
chilling on the west side of
nation I don't know
say I'm like a planet oh I'm like the
sun and the
[Music]
womb but out wa I say m okay
okay back down bite me okay left right
down I'm like the Konami
C and it
roll it don't mean nothing but the oh
you know what I don't think I've ever
done Fasteners
in I don't think I've ever done
Fasteners let's look at warm ass now
[Music]
well let's get it Printing and then
let's
[Music]
um
Ian
[Music]
and is it don't no
don't only thing I'm worried about right
now is
um that we lowered it a little bit but I
think it's going to be fine
[Music]
all right so I'm going to clean up I
don't think we have any more assembly
really that we need out of here so we're
going to put all this stuff
away we were going to do the threaded
inserts actually should I do the
threaded
[Music]
inserts I kind of want to do
that I I'm pretty sure dude like what is
up with my prints this is just so
crazy you see this it's just like it's
going to break it's all
[Music]
marred all right let's just do a little
check I think it's
[Music]
the I think it's just called the hopper
base M3 hole oh you're going to just use
nuts
why that's so annoying I thought I
thought I did it right
[Music]
uh I thought I could have sworn I had
threaded inserts here
somewhere oh you know what I think it
was this
[Music]
what there it is okay so that's where I
put them dude I got to get so much
better at this it's like it's like what
am I
thinking I should have put him there
that would be so nice I don't want a nut
there I want to be able to easily take
it
apart all right whatever so it's
printing right
[Music]
okay so uh all right we can work on the
wood thing I just got to clean
up let's take
[Music]
Sunday
Sunday get going get going
rise and
shine blow your
mind keep it
up on that
[Music]
okay put this back in the shed
I think I think what's happening is it's
just not flowing
evenly
like like if there's a little
interruption in the flow rate of the
plastic it's going to just it's just
going to be way thinner than it's
supposed to
[Music]
be
okay oh
[Music]
oh
all right
[Music]
all right so let's just freaking design
this thing let me get my pen and sketch
it
out
so the frame of this
thing
basically man it's crazy when you look
at it like this is it really one and a
half I mean it's definitely one and a
half it just seems so so thin
that just does not seem
right e
okay
so it's just going to
be wait maybe I'm going to put on
pants it's just going to
be basically like a Tea Bar
with um with miter beams on the
diagonal and it's just going to be on
both sides and then I guess on
then I guess on the cross so this goes
across
here you have the other
side and so then there's cross on
these okay
I'm
cold
e
e e
okay so the first thing
is wait
actually there's sort of two
ways let's go with
the easiest possible way at the moment
which is we're gon to take a we're GNA
sketch
on
here and we let's see what is a
good
length oh yeah wait first let's
calculate so the canvas is
nine it's exactly
nine that's
sick
and this is going to be eight so it's a
9 by
8 wow cool
wait which way is nine this way is nine
yeah I got to check the on shaped
forms bro I want someone to respond so
bad
bro I can't wait I can't I can't wait
until this works it's gonna be so
sick uh okay so let's get back to work
um
wait what what what is the plane that
I'm on
here no I want to be on this
plane okay let's just let's just get
this thing
down
wa a g you like this you like
this this
I actually you said wait actually what
you want is this and this or shift end
nice so now hell
yeah uh this is
BW and this is going to be
um let's make it four let's make it 8
feet is that is that
enough feel like that's good
so then we're going to
[Music]
extrude this by BW and it's a
new
BW what the
hell
okay and at the moment we're not going
to have it raised up because it's just
it's too much now the interesting thing
is okay no no if we have a bracket we're
good so now we're gonna sketch on here
and we're g to make this go up
probably five feet so we're g to sketch
on here go normal we're going to make a
rectangle we're going to use these now
we have this now we can go g here here
here and that's fully defined now we can
extrude this up
by 5
ft and that's new
right okay and then we'll have to do
this angled thing which it shouldn't be
that hard right because we
uh we sketch on
here and we're going to mirror it right
so that's fine this is going to be great
so now we just want to um go normal we
going to draw some lines and we're just
going to draw lines like
this okay and the distance between here
and here is going to be what undo
uh if these are
parallel uh and then this is going to be
BW
right is it really that
thin oh wait can we just say that this
is four 4
feet might as well seems fine
what is still unconstrained let's figure
that
out wait what oh yeah cuz they can be
parallel but
uh wait is that distance
okay no
yeah it's just that
uh well let's just do
this you make it easy
okay let me extrude this by
BW K oh
wait we didn't do this right we need
this Extrusion to be
flipped and then we're just going to
screw into this
thing okay and I can take a
mirror oh wait we need to
let's just say mid wait is actually are
we on a mid plane let's see p p wait
where's my other
planes oh they're so
small I'm pretty sure yeah front plane
we could actually do a part
mirror we're mirroring this part
across
front nice
okay now we can just
take another mirror and that's is this
the whole
thing no we want another beam that goes
all the way across here right so that we
can
um get a triangle in
there so we need
to sketch on
see wait which is the
front the front is facing this way so
this is the
back okay
[Music]
so we're going to extrude this by 8
ft oh no
yeah
wait wait what is
w oh
[Music]
oh we're sketching on here
did I say four
[Music]
and we don't need to do it on the other
side
right is this high enough I feel like
this isn't high
enough I feel like we want these to be
longer
[Music]
how is
that uh oh I get it
[Music]
okay we could just do one there no but
that's the front of the canvas we can't
do
that wait did I just do this all wrong
oh my God bro wait no I didn't I was
like for a second I thought I like had
it flipped I was confused
perspective is so
weird Okay so let's just do our mirror
now and the mirror is plane one I think
[Music]
is that right
I think that's
[Music]
right but this isn't I think we want to
add a beam across here too
[Music]
right this is so cool this is going to
be
wood all right we're going to sketch on
here
[Music]
oh
dude that's so annoying man I want that
to be
fixed for real that's so
lame uh let's just keep it the number
right oh wait is it two WI
[Music]
let's do another one
here it would be fun to simulate
[Music]
this h why did it even ask me if it was
constrained why did it even ask me that
makes no sense at
all that's a bug bro that's just a
bug man
[Music]
okay
so we do need
something but we can just screw across
[Music]
but what is is that if that's the only
thing holding those No it should be
[Music]
good okay so I don't want to join him
though I just want to know what the end
is
[Music]
that was easy dude this wood stuff is
actually so easy
okay but now we just got to go buy this
stuff is this what we want to do I feel
like I should just send it bro back in
the day I just sent it back when I
actually built the
frames it would be a lot stronger
because if you think about it if there
screws going in this way it would be a
lot stronger if we put the beam behind
it but the beam behind it we'd want like
an L joint or some or an L-shaped
thing or yeah that goes around the whole
thing because then we could bolt into
the back of that but then we'd still
have the we'd still have
this I'm worried about this stuff being
short because
uh I mean I measured it and it I mean
even with the cloth it was like dead on
eight so that's pretty
great need
water
for
e
for for
I feel like there's a pretty good
stopping point honestly I guess the last
step is
um
um okay let's let's get everything
sized is there a document
settings how do you
why is it shift
Escape um
workspace
units is this a
so okay so we just need to build a
little feature script
tool that helps with wood
okay so the dimensions of this are going
to be BW by BW
[Music]
by yeah yeah we want we want something
that
like uh you just um
you check if it's I guess a rectangular
prism or
whatever cuz I just want to isn't there
a build of
materials
no no
um dude yeah that's actually so cool to
think about how much they had to
optimize dude dude this is so
sick bro this is so sick I love that
they they give it to the uh user oh
that's so oh we never checked for
threaded stuff yeah should we look at
the the thread cuz if we thread
something let's go to the
um the
worm let me look at this
or no actually what we want to do is we
want to go to the feature script stuff
that's so awesome
man and we need to go to
FS2 and we want to look at 3 seconds and
13,000
versus 1,000 that's actually not even
that bad but that's what the
join but can I get performance on
this that's so
cool
um yeah but what I want to know is not
modeling it cuz modeling it is sort of
so I take I mean that's cool that they
did the um I love those I love this this
is great but what I want
is the bill of
materials is that what it's called
mortise and
Tenon the whole workflow
VI take that face first
angle he didn't tell me what I need to
buy though okay do I miss
Fusion uh I so I I'm just fine to use
both like
Fusion let's see honestly I'm pretty
switched over bro I'm pretty switched
over I feel like
fusion um oh you know what I missed from
wait there's a couple of things I missed
F about
fusion
um oh yeah I like when you Dimension
something you can immediately start
typing a variable I really hate that in
on shape
I really hate that about on shape it's
like why are you ruining my life like
all I want to do is just type the
dimension but if you type I don't know
I'm sure there's a reason for it but
like I use variables enough where I just
I just give me the variables you know um
all right let's just go through one by
one and know the size of this and Mark
it down for now it's fine but like oh
but I got to say man dude on shape is
just nicer bro how quick it is for alt C
to come up I just love that you know
what oh the other thing I freaking hate
man all right I'm just R about on shape
I'm not even talking about Fusion cuz I
feel like Fusion it's like what dude
fusion and it takes so long to like boot
up I feel like there's a number of
things that just feel lame about fusion
um I obviously simulation I haven't done
cam yet I'm planning to start learning
cam infusion because I feel like uh on
shape doesn't have a free cam software
but uh but but uh Fusion
does oh I like I missed the fast fers I
guess I I don't know I I should learn
how to do Fasteners in here um what else
do I
miss oh I
okay my bad my bad um
okay yeah so we're just going to start
okay frame start here we go oh but it's
so annoying to get the dimensions of
these but most of these I can just think
about and figure out right oh wait no
you know
what there we go yeah that's easy okay
so we have uh 8 foot
we have
two two5 foot two two five
foot
um oh you know what there's things about
I sometimes I feel like the navigation
in on shape just confuses me it's like
I'm rolling around this ball and I it's
like oh yeah and I don't know I I I feel
like their viewport or whatever their
like their viewer is sometimes feels
nicer or more intuitive I do like the
navigation on shape though like when
I when I when I left click I that's like
left click for for pan is like so
obviously better but whatever um [__] I
lost track so this one we need to know I
don't know we should size it to the
longest Edge right so this is like okay
two 4
4177 FTS but these are um mitered is
that what it's called miter
cut a miter is an angled cut bro let
yeah let's just say angled I don't want
to use all the
angled no but miter miter everyone knows
what you
mean okay
um I got to go relatively
soon Harbor or Home Depot I think no
home people probably close this early um
okay wait so we need is this the same as
this one oops well if it's 90 degrees it
probably is um yeah so we actually need
four of
those so wait one of these 8
foot
um what this this 8ot wait this
8ot these 4.2
foots uh oh we need okay we need one
more 8 foot wait we need wait this is 8T
we
need 3 8T wait is that right that
doesn't make any sense this can't be 8T
this has to be less than that wait
that's 9
ft oh cuz this is 4 and a half so that's
nine okay so we need wait 2 8T one 9
foot
and then we need these guys and I feel
like these guys are also probably the
same size yeah so I made a I made like
yeah interesting okay so this we
actually need six
of okay so I'm fine to use uh one and a
half inch I feel like that's good maybe
I get a better price for something more
common I'm not sure okay let's just ask
jbt
okay oh my
gosh okay I have two large canvases that
I plan to to stitch together just by
screwing them together but I'm also
building a frame so that they can be
perpendicular to the ground but uh but
uh held up by the wind or whatever and
this is my build materials so the
thickness I'm using for all of the wood
in this in this thing is 1 and 1/2 in by
1 and 1/2 inch and here are the here are
the the the wood I need I need two 8ts I
need two 5 foots I need six um like
they're like 4.2 but they're mitered
and then I need one 9
foot but uh I don't know what uh wood I
should use or how to best do that not
just what wood to use but
like
um how to buy it what how I should buy
Pine salt common and affordable Choice
let's see uh is it going to help me know
what the price is buying strategy uh but
the thing is I'm limited by car I mean
actually I'm sort of not I could just
strap it down to the roof rack or
something like that but there's probably
a limit for how much you can put on like
a freaking tiny ass electric
car
um Standard Lumber lengths typically
Lumber comes in standard lengths of 8 to
16 okay for 28 ft wait is that the
sum wait for 28
ft oh oh oh
sorry uh I meant
two
8 ft and 25t
yeah I never doubt this thing bro this
thing is pretty
smart uh buying
strategy 8 foot what am I going to do
about the 9 foot
though wait they sell them from okay so
how
much make a a table of expected
cost I don't know and tell me all the
cuts actually that's what I want to know
8 foot
pieces wait quantity two cost per unit
$10 really that is
shocking What's the total dude this is
cheap dude wood is insanely bro is wood
busted oh my god dude that is crazy
cheap that is so much cheaper than
plastic oh my
gosh um
oh wait oops it's a all right do a
comparison of various uh 3D printing
filaments includ including SLA resin uh
and per volume cost comparing to Woods
the different types of
woods
um okay they do it by kilogram cost per
volume yeah okay that's sweet
dude yeah that's the crazy
thing okay so tell me wait okay so tell
me some ratios about how much cheaper
wood is basically to to basically other
materials not just Plastics but metals
and stuff like
that bro wood is crazy
cheap oh oh that's so cool they're AB
testing uh oh that's so smart of them
bro they're AB testing 01 on there
that's so
cool that's so cool I didn't I I want to
screenshot
that that is so cool
okay um
yeah man this is what that's the crazy
thing so just comparing Pine to dude wow
that's
insane what about
Metals wow metals are cheaper than
plastic dude that's actually nuts per
Vol by
volume except obviously titanium but
that's still really that do I dude I
feel like that's not right
okay so for a given okay so if we want a
meter
cubed in this how much would it be for a
meter cubed of
aluminum they just don't sell it like
that
though
oh yeah
wait aluminum is more expensive than
steel
right wait this is totally different oh
I preferred the 01 thing
actually maybe that's maybe that's not
true I don't know
dude wood is if you can shape it wood is
the like literally goated and it's
biodegradable that's crazy bro and wood
[__] lasts forever man I just visited
this place they got these Old Redwood
buildings and a huge sight and it's just
like it's like still holding like
massive stuff on it oh man wood is
goated I I I am uh I'm a wood convert at
the moment
wow for
dude wood is also so light too right
compare the
density okay now compare the density of
woods to other
materials I think they did but like I
wasn't paying
attention okay
now compare the
[Music]
strength resistance being pulled
apart damn steel is so why why do people
like titanium it's because it's light
and strong probably that's got to be
what it is it's light and strong
compressive
strength they're saying wood isn't that
strong I don't know man that thing has
lasted forever granted it hasn't taken
that much abuse but
still damn aluminum is 400 no no
aluminum is
like depending on how you slice it
like five times
but yeah for the amount of time well I
don't know how fast I can do woodworking
but
like let me look at Home Depot for p one
by e
can you take
yeah for
yeah I'll tell them that
okay oh you know what you know what I
should
do I should do like some just short like
twom minute Quick videos where I
exp oh [__] it's so easy to cut this
thing
out wow wood is goated okay so now I
have to think about
like dude it's so cheap though like how
can you deny this bro you could just buy
tons of stuff with it and build it dude
wood is hype wait let's go to the
cost I mean just compared to pla by
volume I mean you're talking dude you're
talking on order of magnitude that's
crazy yeah you're not going to print a
table I just always forget about that
like I just think oh it's fine I just
got to print these parts cuz there's no
other way to do it but it's like for
this big stuff you got to go with
wood it's hard to I guess maybe it's a
little bit harder to work like no I
don't know with a laser
cutter can a laser cutter do
wood can a laser cutter do wood
yeah no but like I'm trying to think
what I could realistically use
would
for and it's really not
clear I don't know maybe
gears if you use the hardwood like MDF
gears could be
good the fly wheels could be good
actually yeah cuz then I could easily
test different sized flywheels the
problem with wood though is well it's
not like I do anything with the the
plastic waste either but
wood wood is subtra active right that's
basically the
point but I mean dude I'm like so into
this we could just like
um so we have wait is this frames okay
so now we just got to design the rest of
it bro it's like so so great like right
in here this is I got to label this or
something this one is the front so over
here uh we could just do a sketch
on this face
right well do we want to do it in an
assembly I mean I feel like it makes the
most sense to just do it here dude I
mean that's the thing is you just make
this m dude cat is so crazy you're just
like trying to as rapidly as possible
just just like recreate the entire world
around you it's like it's like oh my God
it's such a weird way to like get things
done um
that's why mapping is so cool dude when
you're able to just say place this here
and like oh converse with a design bro
I'm so ready for that
future that's so that's such an exciting
thing I mean I could just be like put
put this here okay constrain this now
change the size of the beams and then
it'll be like the cool I mean that's
like the like okay but then you can't
really do it for anything real but then
when you can when it asks you like like
oh but there's a complication here or it
like is able to reason with you dude
that's the crazy thing it's able to
reason with you about the the
constraints of the system like right
now right now it just AI llms just don't
seem to understand 3D space all that
well I don't know but I guess I guess
Alpha geometry
can but it's not it's not a chatbot
right
it's not a chatbot but it it isn't it is
an Al I I can't
remember how okay but how did it do it
okay this is what it is this is the
thesis Alpha geometry system combines
the predictive power of neural language
a neural language model with a rule
bound deduction engine which work in
tandem to find Solutions
dude that's [__] awesome that's so
good oh my
gosh so okay so like the proof state is
literally dude dude why has no one
thought about I mean no I'm sure a lot
of people have but this is like oh my
gosh this is a proof State like you're
just in this timeline that's why the
purity of the colonel is an AB absolute
concern you need a pure ass Colonel that
can symbolically reason all this stuff
dude someone needs to make a kernel in
Mathematica bro like I'm saying that
that would like kick ass if you could
make it fast bro that would be like the
ultimate I don't know maybe it's not
formal enough it really cuz the thing is
so much is hidden behind the pattern I
don't know I don't think so it's just
slow bro that's why I can never use M
I'll talk up Mathematica forever but
it's just slow also I don't have it on
my computer
I feel like it's not worth the money but
I mean I have access to it I don't know
I just don't use
it I never got cracked at it but I feel
like okay maybe I should do a project
where I get cracked at Mathematica
because I know how it works now but like
I
don't I I don't code in cast 3 you know
oh man okay so what are we doing here
the front is this way so we just need to
draw like a rectangle out here that's
all it is this is the start of something
great G uh let's make a table okay
dimensioning the table will be
interesting um how do we want to do
this well why don't we just model what
we have how about
that for
okay so it's
um oh wait I didn't
measure
yeah okay wait so so what would this be
you're talking
to you're
okay but
uh oh okay so the the the okay here's
the here's the thing is unraveling so
starting from where I'm coming I want to
say design a table that has four
legs um it's just a
flat um
it's just a flat Plank and the there are
four um legs coming out of the corners
of the table the table is 41 by I didn't
take the other dimension either and
anyways
that uh table has or I guess in the
natural language there's a lot of
implicit constraints
but so it needs
to so
okay dude I want to watch a
video my goodness Alpha geometry an
amazing Google de paper fresh out of the
oven and I think this paper might be
history in the making so how is an AI
that learned on 100 million mathematical
problems able to compete in the
international mathematical Olympiad that
is perhaps the most prestigious math
competition in the world so what is it
actually doing it's
taking yes no so an incorrect proof
would
be it would like it would like come up
with a set of test cases I guess
or yeah it it just has to satisfy the
constraints that you provide
it yeah it just needs to satisfy the
constraints but
like when when I say table and I say
four
legs when I yeah when I say table and I
say four legs you the sort of like
colloquial constraint is that all the
legs are the same length but he needs to
know that just from being a
human so did they achieve a breakthrough
well let's see together dear fellow
Scholars this is two-minute papers with
Dr now
competing trouble this requires not just
a huge glorified calculator for adding
numbers but it requires planning your
solution logic and reasoning and more
but of course gp4 can do all of that so
just give the problems to it and off you
go end of the video right well just as a
demonstration gp4 can is the bar exam
would be hired to Amazon for its coding
skills and is better than almost all of
humans on the biological Olympiad so it
can sweep all of these easy right well
let's see if you try to use gp4 and give
it 30 of these tasks it can solve
exactly wow it can solve zero of them I
hope this gives you a feel of how
difficult these problems are devilishly
difficult and scientist at Deep Mind
Just propos A system that is about 100
times smaller I can't believe it but to
start how do you even solve such a
problem let's see an easy example for
instance if we ask a human mathan to
prove that there is an infinite so what
do we do instead how do we do the
impossible well instead we start with
the assumption that there is a finite
number of primes and then find a moment
mechanically finishing the problem is
relatively easy and the strategy could
be that if the rabbit didn't initial
answer is no mostly not but let's try
anyway this is how a human would do it
and here is the proposed AI that could
hopefully try to do it so does it work
well let's have a look this is how a
human would do it and here is the
proposed AI
that could hopefully try to do it so
does it work well let's have a look when
given a problem with blue it first creat
the key IDE and the yeah see okay wait
so how would
it wait but what is the input problem
okay so yeah that's the thing is it's
such a nothing Burger proof but design
is just all about the nothing Burger
proof bro so like you just you just
freaking um uh
uh yes so you just say
like let table and then you
just you just
uh and it just prove that it's a table
basically so the definition of table is
basically what you're proving you're
proving that
so you give it the
constraints and it gives you uh it gives
you the parameters that
satisfy
it is a table you have to prove it's a
table e
okay
but the I guess part of the hard part
though is the art of choosing
like
um hackspace I go to
has oh dude especially with those joints
that meet at a 90 angle yeah that's
probably [__]
rad
um but okay so here's an example of
something that it needs to then ask you
because there's all sorts of design
decisions that you make that you just
don't understand the missing constraints
like in my current setup I never said
that oh yeah right that the um legs of
the table while like okay we know
they're three and 1 half by one and A2
but do we know the the rotation of that
so but but making a t designing a table
is so hard though
because
it it needs to know basically also about
okay what is a general ener strength and
like dude yeah defining a table is the
problem of Designing a
table it's just so it's just like how do
you but it's so easy for us to do bro
just like imagine a table with four legs
it's like there's like a whole bunch of
ways you could do it you've seen so many
of
them so make a table with four legs
I want to watch this but text to
cat oh oh wait am I good am I good bro
am I good
fam please okay um make a
table I wonder I dude I want to know
what they're doing they they must be
generating KCl but it I I don't think
they are I think they're literally
just I mean that's great that's so good
if I mean that's just a language model
right but like okay
so I okay wait can we open up zoo and
try this
again wait what the hell is going on
[Music]
um cuz yeah I mean language models like
uh where's the uh control
K text to cat hell yeah this is going to
be make a
table please don't return to
505 I mean dude if it could just Chain
of Thought reason itself and like okay
well what's a good length for the T I
don't know just
like so sick oh this is so much better
than it used to
be
uh oh my God so wait is this
overlapping dude they have to got to
make this
better okay yeah so
overlaps um so right so there's another
task here where you say I need to make a
table and so there's all sorts of other
things that would need to prove in order
to give you a correct design and this
isn't it it needs
to satisfy that none of the bodies are
um because that's what we do in fusion
and on shape is we make sure the bodies
are not self-intersecting because that's
just doesn't exist in
nature
um and then it would need to know about
Fasteners
too and that's a whole another thing
like that like now you're getting into
like it
I mean it is interesting that it uh made
it I don't know I need
to I mean that's that's in that's
awesome right like it even got that it
was a
thin let's try it again dude
oh wait wait uh let's do a new
file
CAD
CAD okay so let me go get the
dimensions
e e
okay let's see does Windows H work here
make a
table that uh the top of it is .5 in in
thickness 2T
in
um width and 41 in in
length uh the four legs of the table are
um just a 1.5 by 3.5 in uh
bar let's try this thing
out oh wait did it not
work damn it okay wait what the hell
wait what happened oh no no it's going I
couldn't even tell
yeah yeah
yeah I mean that's great right and now
how does it prove okay see so it just
picked an
arbitrary which it's not right but it's
like dude that's so sick now we just
need to change the
height and it could just say guessed it
but what what is it for real
it is annoying that it builds these
self-intersecting things right
like that's not good but this is 16
it's a short
table dude Keat is so [__] awesome
man I love this
[__] but yeah it would basically be it
would basically be a language model
interacting with lean dude okay you got
to design a cad kernel in lean or
something would it need to it needs to
yeah so so when you define table it
would just come up with basically a list
of things that a table has or something
which is just like the basic proof of
like non intersecting and then somehow
you have to be able to say all four that
that oh that the
um well but you have to know how to name
the face before it exists but the top
face the table is
is yeah and you just assume
that the world we on is not curved but
that's like kind of funny right because
then you don't really have a pro I mean
that's a pro yeah you don't really have
a proof then
um okay but this is like pretty good
does this have an
export step nice
um I mean we don't care we don't care
this is
sick wow man I I'm so happy I didn't
have to design that
thing um
output where where are
we um let's just do zoo I just want to
make a zoo thing fun zoo
folders this is a
table and we want to uh upload that to
here yeah man oh wait did we even get
that right yeah we did so let's
um
import from
3D
Zoo table
wait let's make sure this isn't six this
is going to be
wait wait what
happened wait I just exported
oh wait divided by
um it's scaled by 25 what the
hell I think yeah is there units in Step
file the step export
units does step
oh maybe it just doesn't I don't know we
have to scale
it
uh that's so cool
though I mean this is sick
yeah it doesn't it doesn't even need to
prove anything bro it just doesn't it's
like dude I do want to know how much
smarter whatever they got going on is
compared to just plain old they must
have an
evaluation they don't they probably
don't keep that
public but yeah to a way to evaluate
their llm
on
um oh [__] I got to
go all